src/6_zombies.md, before:

# Zombies
Zombies are the omnipresent dread in the world of Super Dead. They lurk around every corner, and are an insatiable threat to even the strongest supers. 

## Zombies Bites and Turning Undead
The thing that makes zombies terrifying as that if they bite you, you will turn into a zombie. Because the virus was originally created as a bioweapon to kill supers, are especially susceptible to this effect.

A bite does not *always* turn someone undead.

If you are a bitten, the game master will make a bite roll in secret and narrate the effects to you.

##### Bite Outcome Table.
| 1d10 | Outcome |
| :-: | :- |
| 1 | Turn in seconds |
| 2-4 | Turn in minutes |
| 5-7 | Turn in hours | 
| 8 | Turn in days | 
| 9-10 | Safe |

If you turn in minutes, hours or days, over the course of that time you will develop flu-like symptoms, that peak, break, and then disappear as your body gets cold and you become undead.

## The Zomb-3
Zombies are ravenous monsters that mindlessly hunt their prey. To a human, it looks like they follow a three-step process.

1. **Search.** The zombie wanders about, following sights and sounds to find potential prey. Zombies will always follow the closest sight or sound that suggest viable prey.
2. **Close.** The zombie makes its way towards its prey by the most direct means possible. Zombies can avoid obvious obstructions, but will fall for even a modestly disguised trap.
3. **Devour.** Once a zombie has closed on its prey, it will begin to grab and bite. With each bite, the virus will make its way into the zombie's victim. If they are lucky, they will bleed out before the virus turns them.

## Fighting Zombies
Zombies are a predictable, but deadly foe -- you must not let yourself get complacent.

**During the [movement phase](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase),** zombies will attempt to move towards the nearest person they see, until they are in immediate range of at least one opponent.

If zombies are in immediate range of one or more opponents, they will attempt to stay in immediate range.

**During the [hand-to-hand phase](4_combat.md#the-hand-to-hand-phase),** zombies will attack with their rigor-mortis hardened, claw-like fingers and their infectious bites. Because most zombies are shambling, uncoordinated creatures, their bite only occurs if the zombie is still standing at the **end of the hand-to-hand phase**.

This means that most zombies killed during the hand-to-hand phase will not be able to infect you.

### Killing Zombies

Zombies weaknesses are well known. But taking advantage of those weaknesses is harder than it seems.

The most successful means of killing a zombie are:
- destroying or severing the zombies head
- crushing the entire zombie
- burning or otherwise destroying the zombies body

Many weapons that work well on humans, especially those that rely on causing internal bleeding or organ damage, are ineffective on zombies.

For an attack to kill a zombie, it must:
- deal 2 or more points of damage directed at the head
- deal 10 or more points of damage via "blunt-force trauma"
- deal 15 or more points of magical or elemental damage

Otherwise the attack rends at the zombie's flesh, but it keeps advancing on its prey.

Head shots with firearms are **very hard**. Targeting the head in hand-to-hand is **hard**.

## Threat and Noise
If a zombies is not actively devouring a victim, it is on the lookout for its next. Zombies feel neither fear nor exhaustion, and their hunger for flesh is never ending.

If you are spotted by a zombie, you are in [**combat with a zombie**](#fighting-zombies).

If you are out of sight of zombies, and you make a loud enough noise, you will attract zombies.

During the daytime, anything louder than a normal conversation will attract zombies. At nighttime, anything louder than a whisper can bring out the flesh-eating beasts.

##### Table. Zombies Attracted by Noise Level
| Noise | Daytime | Nighttime |
| :- | :-: | :-: |
| Whisper | - | - |
| Conversation | - | 1d10+1 |
| Shout | 1d10-2 | 2d10+2 |
| Starting a car | 1d10-1 | 2d10+4 |
| Breaking a window | 1d10+1 | 3d10 |
| Starting a Motorcycle | 1d10+2 | 3d10+2 | 
| Gunfire | 2d10 | 4d10 |

Once a noise loud enough to attract zombies is made, the zombies are on their way. 

If the zombies will **arrive all at once**, they arrive in 1d10+2 minutes of real time. 

If the zombies will **arrive in waves**, then the first wave arrives in 1d10 minutes, each each subsequent wave arrives 1d10 minutes later.

> **Designer's note:** If you are the game master, making these roles in secret can increase suspense. Set a timer on your phone out of sight of the players, and interrupt the action when the timer goes off.

### Fleeing the Scene
When players make noise to attract zombies, they will naturally want to flee the scene. Their chance of successfully fleeing depends on how close the zombies are to closing in on them and how many viable ways their are to approach the location where the noise is coming from.

Zombies will use doors and other obvious pathways to get to their destinations, so if the players attempt to escape by the most obvious means, they are more likely to run into zombies.

##### Table. Fleeing Zombies
| 2d10 | Flee Result | Escape Tactic | Modifier |
| :-: | :- | :- | :-: |
| 1-7 | Escape | Take obvious path | +1
| 8-9 | Spotted by Zombies | Zombies are less than 2m away | +1
| 10+ | Run into Zombies |  +10 zombies* |  +1

## Zombie Hordes
A single zombie may be a threat to a normal person, but most survivors have figured out how to outsmart zombies 1-on-1. Zombies are most dangerous in groups. And in big groups, they are especially deadly.

Groups of 20 or more zombies form a horde. Hordes move insatiably and undeterrably towards their victims before devouring them. 

Anyone who sees a horde incurs 1 point of [**stress**](2_characters.md#stress) and must make a **courage save**.

Anyone who finds themselves within immediate range of a horde is devoured unless the entire horde is destroyed during the [**hand-to-hand combat phase**](4_combat.md#the-hand-to-hand-phase). 

Your best bet to survive a horde is to run away. A successful **athletics save** allows you to move one zone away from a horde. If you fail your athletics save, you must succeed at a subsequent save, or else the horde **closes in on you**.

When a horde closes in on you, your distance to the horde is reduced by one range. This is stressful. And if this would put you in immediate range of the horde, you immediately enter a **hand-to-hand combat** phase.

Hordes can also be deterred, blocked, or delayed by environmental effects. For most supers, this will be their best approach to surviving a horde.

##### Table. Zombies destroyed by environmental feature
| Environmental Feature | Weight | Zombies | 
| :- | -: | -: |
| Car | 1 T | 1d10x4 |
| Truck | 5 T | 1d10x6 |
| Semi-Truck | 20 T | 1d10x10 |
| Subway Car | 40 T | 1dx16 |
| Small Building | +100 T | 1d10x30 | 
| Lg. Building | +1,000 T | 1d10x50 | 


**Shooting** at hordes is mostly ineffective because of the sheer number of zombies present. Some very high output, area fire weapons, like machine guns, can be useful against hordes of less than 50 zombies.

## Kinds of Zombies

### Shamblers
Most zombies are shamblers: slow, drudging zombies that move at you as fast as they can, but that is not very fast at all. 

**Stats.** 4 Ath., 2 Int.

**Movement.** Shamblers always move at [regular speed](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase).

**Attack.** Shamblers bite only at the end of the [hand-to-hand phase](4_combat.md#the-hand-to-hand-phase). 


### Crickets
Crickets get their name from the way they hop about on all fours. These zombies are fast and agile, in addition to being enraged.

**Stats.** 8 Ath., 2 Int.

**Movement.** Crickets always move at [reckless speed](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase).

**Attack.** Crickets bites happen at the end of each hand-to-hand **exchange**. 


### Poppers
Poppers are bloated zombies, full of infectious fluid. They move slowly and awkwardly, with stiff joints struggling against taught, waterlogged flesh.

**Stats.** 3 Ath., 2 Int.

**Movement.** Poppers always move at [regular speed](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase).

**Attack.** Poppers bite at the end of every hand-to-hand phase, like shamblers. 

**Popping.** If a popper takes damage during any phase, it has a 1-in-2 chance of **popping**. If you are in immediate range of a popping popper, you must succeed at a **hard** athletics save or be subject to the effects of [a bite](#bite-outcome-table).


### Mutants
Most often, when a mutant becomes infected by the virus, they lose their powers. This was the intended purpose of the virus. Sometimes, however, the full effect doesn't take and a mutant will retain their powers in zombie form.

Combining an insatiable thirst for flesh with super natural powers, mutant zombies are truly fearsome.

Their base zombie type determines their stats, however, these are augmented by one or more super powers.

Commit message:

Add statblocks and super combat

src/6_zombies.md, after:

# Zombies
Zombies are the omnipresent dread in the world of Super Dead. They lurk around every corner, and are an insatiable threat to even the strongest supers. 

## Zombies Bites and Turning Undead
The thing that makes zombies terrifying as that if they bite you, you will turn into a zombie. Because the virus was originally created as a bioweapon to kill supers, are especially susceptible to this effect.

A bite does not *always* turn someone undead.

If you are a bitten, the game master will make a bite roll in secret and narrate the effects to you.

> **Optional Rule: Player-facing zombie rolls.** Because zombies are so deadly in Super Dead, you may wish to have your players make all the attack rolls for zombies and—if they are bitten—make the bite outcome roll as well. For players who are not used to high-lethality games, this can give them a sense of agency that makes their characters death easier to stomach.

##### Bite Outcome Table.
| 1d10 | Outcome |
| :-: | :- |
| 1 | Turn in seconds |
| 2-4 | Turn in minutes |
| 5-7 | Turn in hours | 
| 8 | Turn in days | 
| 9-10 | Safe |

If you turn in minutes, hours or days, over the course of that time you will develop flu-like symptoms, that peak, break, and then disappear as your body gets cold and you become undead.

## The Zomb-3
Zombies are ravenous monsters that mindlessly hunt their prey. To a human, it looks like they follow a three-step process.

1. **Search.** The zombie wanders about, following sights and sounds to find potential prey. Zombies will always follow the closest sight or sound that suggest viable prey.
2. **Close.** The zombie makes its way towards its prey by the most direct means possible. Zombies can avoid obvious obstructions, but will fall for even a modestly disguised trap.
3. **Devour.** Once a zombie has closed on its prey, it will begin to grab and bite. With each bite, the virus will make its way into the zombie's victim. If they are lucky, they will bleed out before the virus turns them.

## Fighting Zombies
Zombies are a predictable, but deadly foe -- you must not let yourself get complacent.

**During the [movement phase](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase),** zombies will attempt to move towards the nearest person they see, until they are in immediate range of at least one opponent.

If zombies are in immediate range of one or more opponents, they will attempt to stay in immediate range.

**During the [hand-to-hand phase](4_combat.md#the-hand-to-hand-phase),** zombies will attack with their rigor-mortis hardened, claw-like fingers and their infectious bites. Because most zombies are shambling, uncoordinated creatures, their bite only occurs if the zombie is still standing at the **end of the hand-to-hand phase**.

This means that most zombies killed during the hand-to-hand phase will not be able to infect you.

### Killing Zombies

Zombies weaknesses are well known. But taking advantage of those weaknesses is harder than it seems.

The most successful means of killing a zombie are:
- destroying or severing the zombies head
- crushing the entire zombie
- burning or otherwise destroying the zombies body

Many weapons that work well on humans, especially those that rely on causing internal bleeding or organ damage, are ineffective on zombies.

For an attack to kill a zombie, it must:
- deal 2 or more points of damage directed at the head
- deal 10 or more points of damage via "blunt-force trauma"
- deal 15 or more points of magical or elemental damage

Otherwise the attack rends at the zombie's flesh, but it keeps advancing on its prey.

Head shots with firearms are **very hard**. Targeting the head in hand-to-hand is **hard**.

## Threat and Noise
If a zombies is not actively devouring a victim, it is on the lookout for its next. Zombies feel neither fear nor exhaustion, and their hunger for flesh is never ending.

If you are spotted by a zombie, you are in [**combat with a zombie**](#fighting-zombies).

If you are out of sight of zombies, and you make a loud enough noise, you will attract zombies.

During the daytime, anything louder than a normal conversation will attract zombies. At nighttime, anything louder than a whisper can bring out the flesh-eating beasts.

##### Table. Zombies Attracted by Noise Level
| Noise | Daytime | Nighttime |
| :- | :-: | :-: |
| Whisper | - | - |
| Conversation | - | 1d10+1 |
| Shout | 1d10-2 | 2d10+2 |
| Starting a car | 1d10-1 | 2d10+4 |
| Breaking a window | 1d10+1 | 3d10 |
| Starting a Motorcycle | 1d10+2 | 3d10+2 | 
| Gunfire | 2d10 | 4d10 |

Once a noise loud enough to attract zombies is made, the zombies are on their way. 

If the zombies will **arrive all at once**, they arrive in 1d10+2 minutes of real time. 

If the zombies will **arrive in waves**, then the first wave arrives in 1d10 minutes, each each subsequent wave arrives 1d10 minutes later.

> **Designer's note:** If you are the game master, making these roles in secret can increase suspense. Set a timer on your phone out of sight of the players, and interrupt the action when the timer goes off.

### Fleeing the Scene
When players make noise to attract zombies, they will naturally want to flee the scene. Their chance of successfully fleeing depends on how close the zombies are to closing in on them and how many viable ways their are to approach the location where the noise is coming from.

Zombies will use doors and other obvious pathways to get to their destinations, so if the players attempt to escape by the most obvious means, they are more likely to run into zombies.

##### Table. Fleeing Zombies
| 2d10 | Flee Result | Escape Tactic | Modifier |
| :-: | :- | :- | :-: |
| 1-7 | Escape | Take obvious path | +1
| 8-9 | Spotted by Zombies | Zombies are less than 2m away | +1
| 10+ | Run into Zombies |  +10 zombies* |  +1

## Zombie Hordes
A single zombie may be a threat to a normal person, but most survivors have figured out how to outsmart zombies 1-on-1. Zombies are most dangerous in groups. And in big groups, they are especially deadly.

Groups of 20 or more zombies form a horde. Hordes move insatiably and undeterrably towards their victims before devouring them. 

Anyone who sees a horde incurs 1 point of [**stress**](2_characters.md#stress) and must make a **courage save**.

Anyone who finds themselves within immediate range of a horde is devoured unless the entire horde is destroyed during the [**hand-to-hand combat phase**](4_combat.md#the-hand-to-hand-phase). 

Your best bet to survive a horde is to run away. A successful **athletics save** allows you to move one zone away from a horde. If you fail your athletics save, you must succeed at a subsequent save, or else the horde **closes in on you**.

When a horde closes in on you, your distance to the horde is reduced by one range. This is stressful. And if this would put you in immediate range of the horde, you immediately enter a **hand-to-hand combat** phase.

Hordes can also be deterred, blocked, or delayed by environmental effects. For most supers, this will be their best approach to surviving a horde.

##### Table. Zombies destroyed by environmental feature
| Environmental Feature | Weight | Zombies | 
| :- | -: | -: |
| Car | 1 T | 1d10x4 |
| Truck | 5 T | 1d10x6 |
| Semi-Truck | 20 T | 1d10x10 |
| Subway Car | 40 T | 1dx16 |
| Small Building | +100 T | 1d10x30 | 
| Lg. Building | +1,000 T | 1d10x50 | 


**Shooting** at hordes is mostly ineffective because of the sheer number of zombies present. Some very high output, area fire weapons, like machine guns, can be useful against hordes of less than 50 zombies.

## Kinds of Zombies

### Shamblers
Most zombies are shamblers: slow, drudging zombies that move at you as fast as they can, but that is not very fast at all. 

**Stats.** 4 Ath., 2 Int.

**Movement.** Shamblers always move at [regular speed](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase).

**Attack.** Shamblers bite only at the end of the [hand-to-hand phase](4_combat.md#the-hand-to-hand-phase). 


### Crickets
Crickets get their name from the way they hop about on all fours. These zombies are fast and agile, in addition to being enraged.

**Stats.** 8 Ath., 2 Int.

**Movement.** Crickets always move at [reckless speed](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase).

**Attack.** Crickets bites happen at the end of each hand-to-hand **exchange**. 


### Poppers
Poppers are bloated zombies, full of infectious fluid. They move slowly and awkwardly, with stiff joints struggling against taught, waterlogged flesh.

**Stats.** 3 Ath., 2 Int.

**Movement.** Poppers always move at [regular speed](4_combat.md#the-movement-phase).

**Attack.** Poppers bite at the end of every hand-to-hand phase, like shamblers. 

**Popping.** If a popper takes damage during any phase, it has a 1-in-2 chance of **popping**. If you are in immediate range of a popping popper, you must succeed at a **hard** athletics save or be subject to the effects of [a bite](#bite-outcome-table).


### Mutants
Most often, when a mutant becomes infected by the virus, they lose their powers. This was the intended purpose of the virus. Sometimes, however, the full effect doesn't take and a mutant will retain their powers in zombie form.

Combining an insatiable thirst for flesh with super natural powers, mutant zombies are truly fearsome.

Their base zombie type determines their stats, however, these are augmented by one or more super powers.
